README.md, before:

# 🚀 ANTIGRAVITY PROMPT SHOWDOWN

**6 AI-Generated Projects Showcasing State-of-the-Art Capabilities**

This repository contains 6 unique projects, each created from a single prompt to different AI models. Every project is self-contained, runnable, and demonstrates cutting-edge techniques in GPU computing, visualization, and research automation.

---

## Projects Overview

| Folder | Model | Project | Description |
|--------|-------|---------|-------------|
| `Sonnet 4.5/` | Claude Sonnet 4.5 | **Compression Lab** | 3 CUDA compression algorithms with live D3.js dashboard |
| `KIMI K2/` | KIMI K2 | **Quantum Compression** | MPS tensor networks + Huffman in Rust |
| `Grok 4.1/` | Grok 4.1 | **Quantum Navigator** | WebGL E8 lattice flight game |
| `Gemini 3 Pro/` | Gemini 3 Pro | **Entropy Garden** | System telemetry 3D visualization |
| `GPT 5.2/` | GPT 5.2 | **TimeCapsule** | GPU-accelerated video search |
| `Sonar/` | Sonar | **Quantum Research Pipeline** | ArXiv scraping + quantum simulation |

---

## 🎮 Sonnet 4.5 - Compression Lab

**What**: GPU-accelerated compression algorithm research with live benchmarking dashboard.

**Features**:
- 3 CUDA kernels (Arithmetic, LZ77, E8 Lattice)
- Real-time GPU monitoring
- D3.js/Chart.js visualization
- SQLite benchmark logging

**Run**:
```bash
cd "Sonnet 4.5/compression_lab"
./scripts/run_benchmarks.sh
# Dashboard at http://localhost:8080
```

---

## 🧬 KIMI K2 - Quantum Compression

**What**: Rust implementation of quantum-inspired compression using Matrix Product States.

**Features**:
- MPS tensor decomposition
- Adaptive Huffman coding
- CUDA kernel stubs for RTX 4070
- Criterion benchmarks vs zlib

**Run**:
```bash
cd "KIMI K2/quantum_compression"
cargo build --release
cargo test --release
```

---

## 🌌 Grok 4.1 - Quantum Navigator

**What**: WebGL first-person flight game through an E8 lattice with quantum tunneling.

**Features**:
- Authentic 240 E8 roots (112 + 128)
- Chromatic dispersion shaders
- WASD flight controls
- God rays and wavefunction collapse effects

**Run**:
```bash
cd "Grok 4.1/quantum_navigator"
npm install
npm run dev
# Open http://localhost:3000
```

---

## 📊 Gemini 3 Pro - Entropy Garden

**What**: Real-time system telemetry visualization with 3D E8 lattice.

**Features**:
- WebSocket backend
- Three.js point cloud rendering
- CPU/Memory/Entropy monitoring
- Cyberpunk aesthetic

**Run**:
```bash
cd "Gemini 3 Pro/entropy_garden"
# Backend
cd backend && python main.py
# Frontend
cd frontend && npm run dev
```

---

## 🎬 GPT 5.2 - TimeCapsule

**What**: GPU-accelerated video search system with keyframe extraction.

**Features**:
- CLIP-based video search
- WhisperX transcription
- SQLite database
- Flask web interface

**Run**:
```bash
cd "GPT 5.2/timecapsule"
pip install -e .
timecapsule ingest video.mp4
timecapsule search "keyword"
```

---

## 🔬 Sonar - Quantum Research Pipeline

**What**: Automated ArXiv paper scraping with quantum circuit simulation.

**Features**:
- ArXiv API integration
- Qiskit quantum simulation
- Streamlit dashboard
- Docker deployment

**Run**:
```bash
cd "Sonar/QuantumResearchPipeline"
pip install -r requirements.txt
streamlit run dashboard/app.py
```

---

## Hardware Requirements

All projects are optimized for:
- **GPU**: NVIDIA RTX 4070 (12GB VRAM, SM 8.9)
- **RAM**: 64GB DDR5
- **OS**: Pop!_OS / Ubuntu Linux

---

## License

MIT - Each project is independently usable and modifiable.

---

## Author

Created during the **Antigravity Prompt Showdown** - a comparison of frontier AI model capabilities in code generation.

Commit message:

Add warning banners to all READMEs
Added Antigravity IDE warning to 7 README files:
- Main README.md
- Sonnet 4.5 (Compression Lab)
- KIMI K2 (Quantum Compression)
- Grok 4.1 (Quantum Navigator)
- Gemini 3 Pro (Entropy Garden)
- GPT 5.2 (TimeCapsule)
- Sonar (Quantum Research Pipeline)

Warning includes:
- Designed by Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE
- Not guaranteed to run safely on other machines
- Use at your own risk

README.md, after:

> ⚠️ **WARNING**: This project was designed and generated by **Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE** and is tailored to a specific system (RTX 4070, 64GB RAM, Pop!_OS Linux). It is **not guaranteed to run safely or correctly on your machine**. Review all code before executing. Use at your own risk.

---

# 🚀 ANTIGRAVITY PROMPT SHOWDOWN

**6 AI-Generated Projects Showcasing State-of-the-Art Capabilities**

This repository contains 6 unique projects, each created from a single prompt to different AI models. Every project is self-contained, runnable, and demonstrates cutting-edge techniques in GPU computing, visualization, and research automation.

---

## Projects Overview

| Folder | Model | Project | Description |
|--------|-------|---------|-------------|
| `Sonnet 4.5/` | Claude Sonnet 4.5 | **Compression Lab** | 3 CUDA compression algorithms with live D3.js dashboard |
| `KIMI K2/` | KIMI K2 | **Quantum Compression** | MPS tensor networks + Huffman in Rust |
| `Grok 4.1/` | Grok 4.1 | **Quantum Navigator** | WebGL E8 lattice flight game |
| `Gemini 3 Pro/` | Gemini 3 Pro | **Entropy Garden** | System telemetry 3D visualization |
| `GPT 5.2/` | GPT 5.2 | **TimeCapsule** | GPU-accelerated video search |
| `Sonar/` | Sonar | **Quantum Research Pipeline** | ArXiv scraping + quantum simulation |

---

## 🎮 Sonnet 4.5 - Compression Lab

**What**: GPU-accelerated compression algorithm research with live benchmarking dashboard.

**Features**:
- 3 CUDA kernels (Arithmetic, LZ77, E8 Lattice)
- Real-time GPU monitoring
- D3.js/Chart.js visualization
- SQLite benchmark logging

**Run**:
```bash
cd "Sonnet 4.5/compression_lab"
./scripts/run_benchmarks.sh
# Dashboard at http://localhost:8080
```

---

## 🧬 KIMI K2 - Quantum Compression

**What**: Rust implementation of quantum-inspired compression using Matrix Product States.

**Features**:
- MPS tensor decomposition
- Adaptive Huffman coding
- CUDA kernel stubs for RTX 4070
- Criterion benchmarks vs zlib

**Run**:
```bash
cd "KIMI K2/quantum_compression"
cargo build --release
cargo test --release
```

---

## 🌌 Grok 4.1 - Quantum Navigator

**What**: WebGL first-person flight game through an E8 lattice with quantum tunneling.

**Features**:
- Authentic 240 E8 roots (112 + 128)
- Chromatic dispersion shaders
- WASD flight controls
- God rays and wavefunction collapse effects

**Run**:
```bash
cd "Grok 4.1/quantum_navigator"
npm install
npm run dev
# Open http://localhost:3000
```

---

## 📊 Gemini 3 Pro - Entropy Garden

**What**: Real-time system telemetry visualization with 3D E8 lattice.

**Features**:
- WebSocket backend
- Three.js point cloud rendering
- CPU/Memory/Entropy monitoring
- Cyberpunk aesthetic

**Run**:
```bash
cd "Gemini 3 Pro/entropy_garden"
# Backend
cd backend && python main.py
# Frontend
cd frontend && npm run dev
```

---

## 🎬 GPT 5.2 - TimeCapsule

**What**: GPU-accelerated video search system with keyframe extraction.

**Features**:
- CLIP-based video search
- WhisperX transcription
- SQLite database
- Flask web interface

**Run**:
```bash
cd "GPT 5.2/timecapsule"
pip install -e .
timecapsule ingest video.mp4
timecapsule search "keyword"
```

---

## 🔬 Sonar - Quantum Research Pipeline

**What**: Automated ArXiv paper scraping with quantum circuit simulation.

**Features**:
- ArXiv API integration
- Qiskit quantum simulation
- Streamlit dashboard
- Docker deployment

**Run**:
```bash
cd "Sonar/QuantumResearchPipeline"
pip install -r requirements.txt
streamlit run dashboard/app.py
```

---

## Hardware Requirements

All projects are optimized for:
- **GPU**: NVIDIA RTX 4070 (12GB VRAM, SM 8.9)
- **RAM**: 64GB DDR5
- **OS**: Pop!_OS / Ubuntu Linux

---

## License

MIT - Each project is independently usable and modifiable.

---

## Author

Created during the **Antigravity Prompt Showdown** - a comparison of frontier AI model capabilities in code generation.
