KIMI K2/quantum_compression/README.md, before:

# Quantum Compression

Hybrid MPS tensor network + adaptive Huffman compression optimized for RTX 4070.

## Overview

This library implements a quantum-inspired compression algorithm that combines:
- **Matrix Product States (MPS)**: Tensor network decomposition for structured data
- **Adaptive Huffman Coding**: Entropy-based compression of tensor representations
- **CUDA Acceleration**: GPU kernels optimized for Ada Lovelace architecture

## System Requirements

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| GPU | CUDA 11.0+ | RTX 4070 (12GB VRAM) |
| RAM | 16GB | 64GB |
| OS | Linux | Pop!_OS 22.04 |
| Rust | 1.75+ | 1.83+ |

## Quick Start

```bash
# Clone and build
cd "KIMI K2/quantum_compression"
chmod +x build_popos.sh
./build_popos.sh

# Run tests
cargo test --release

# Run benchmarks
cargo bench
```

## API Usage

```rust
use quantum_compression::{compress, decompress, Config};

fn main() {
    let data = b"Your data here...";
    let config = Config::default();
    
    // Compress
    let (compressed, stats) = compress(data, &config).unwrap();
    println!("Ratio: {:.2}x", stats.compression_ratio);
    
    // Decompress
    let restored = decompress(&compressed).unwrap();
}
```

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────┐     ┌─────────────────┐     ┌─────────────────┐
│   Input Data    │ ──▶ │ MPS Decompose   │ ──▶ │ Huffman Encode  │
│   (64GB RAM)    │     │ (Tensor Chain)  │     │ (Bitstream)     │
└─────────────────┘     └─────────────────┘     └─────────────────┘
        │                       │                       │
        ▼                       ▼                       ▼
┌─────────────────┐     ┌─────────────────┐     ┌─────────────────┐
│   Preprocessing │     │  CUDA Kernels   │     │   Compressed    │
│   (CPU/RAM)     │     │  (12GB VRAM)    │     │   Output        │
└─────────────────┘     └─────────────────┘     └─────────────────┘
```

## Performance

Target performance on RTX 4070:
- **Compression ratio**: 3.2x improvement over zlib on quantum circuit data
- **VRAM utilization**: 85%+ (10GB of 12GB)
- **Throughput**: ~1GB/s for large datasets

## File Structure

```
quantum_compression/
├── Cargo.toml          # Dependencies
├── build_popos.sh      # Pop!_OS build script
├── src/
│   ├── lib.rs          # Main API
│   ├── mps.rs          # Matrix Product States
│   ├── huffman.rs      # Adaptive Huffman
│   ├── compress.rs     # Compression pipeline
│   └── error.rs        # Error types
├── cuda_kernels/
│   └── mps_kernel.cu   # CUDA tensor operations
├── tests/
│   └── edge_cases.rs   # Test suite
└── benches/
    └── vs_zlib.rs      # Benchmarks
```

## References

1. Tensor Networks in Quantum Information (Orus, 2014)
2. Adaptive Huffman Coding (Vitter, 1987)
3. CUDA Programming Guide (NVIDIA)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add warning banners to all READMEs
Added Antigravity IDE warning to 7 README files:
- Main README.md
- Sonnet 4.5 (Compression Lab)
- KIMI K2 (Quantum Compression)
- Grok 4.1 (Quantum Navigator)
- Gemini 3 Pro (Entropy Garden)
- GPT 5.2 (TimeCapsule)
- Sonar (Quantum Research Pipeline)

Warning includes:
- Designed by Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE
- Not guaranteed to run safely on other machines
- Use at your own risk

KIMI K2/quantum_compression/README.md, after:

> ⚠️ **WARNING**: This project was designed and generated by **Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE** and is tailored to a specific system (RTX 4070, 64GB RAM, Pop!_OS Linux). It is **not guaranteed to run safely or correctly on your machine**. Review all code before executing. Use at your own risk.

---

# Quantum Compression

Hybrid MPS tensor network + adaptive Huffman compression optimized for RTX 4070.

## Overview

This library implements a quantum-inspired compression algorithm that combines:
- **Matrix Product States (MPS)**: Tensor network decomposition for structured data
- **Adaptive Huffman Coding**: Entropy-based compression of tensor representations
- **CUDA Acceleration**: GPU kernels optimized for Ada Lovelace architecture

## System Requirements

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| GPU | CUDA 11.0+ | RTX 4070 (12GB VRAM) |
| RAM | 16GB | 64GB |
| OS | Linux | Pop!_OS 22.04 |
| Rust | 1.75+ | 1.83+ |

## Quick Start

```bash
# Clone and build
cd "KIMI K2/quantum_compression"
chmod +x build_popos.sh
./build_popos.sh

# Run tests
cargo test --release

# Run benchmarks
cargo bench
```

## API Usage

```rust
use quantum_compression::{compress, decompress, Config};

fn main() {
    let data = b"Your data here...";
    let config = Config::default();
    
    // Compress
    let (compressed, stats) = compress(data, &config).unwrap();
    println!("Ratio: {:.2}x", stats.compression_ratio);
    
    // Decompress
    let restored = decompress(&compressed).unwrap();
}
```

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────┐     ┌─────────────────┐     ┌─────────────────┐
│   Input Data    │ ──▶ │ MPS Decompose   │ ──▶ │ Huffman Encode  │
│   (64GB RAM)    │     │ (Tensor Chain)  │     │ (Bitstream)     │
└─────────────────┘     └─────────────────┘     └─────────────────┘
        │                       │                       │
        ▼                       ▼                       ▼
┌─────────────────┐     ┌─────────────────┐     ┌─────────────────┐
│   Preprocessing │     │  CUDA Kernels   │     │   Compressed    │
│   (CPU/RAM)     │     │  (12GB VRAM)    │     │   Output        │
└─────────────────┘     └─────────────────┘     └─────────────────┘
```

## Performance

Target performance on RTX 4070:
- **Compression ratio**: 3.2x improvement over zlib on quantum circuit data
- **VRAM utilization**: 85%+ (10GB of 12GB)
- **Throughput**: ~1GB/s for large datasets

## File Structure

```
quantum_compression/
├── Cargo.toml          # Dependencies
├── build_popos.sh      # Pop!_OS build script
├── src/
│   ├── lib.rs          # Main API
│   ├── mps.rs          # Matrix Product States
│   ├── huffman.rs      # Adaptive Huffman
│   ├── compress.rs     # Compression pipeline
│   └── error.rs        # Error types
├── cuda_kernels/
│   └── mps_kernel.cu   # CUDA tensor operations
├── tests/
│   └── edge_cases.rs   # Test suite
└── benches/
    └── vs_zlib.rs      # Benchmarks
```

## References

1. Tensor Networks in Quantum Information (Orus, 2014)
2. Adaptive Huffman Coding (Vitter, 1987)
3. CUDA Programming Guide (NVIDIA)

## License

MIT
