Sonnet 4.5/compression_lab/README.md, before:

# Compression Lab

**GPU-Accelerated Compression Algorithm Research for RTX 4070**

A self-optimizing research environment that benchmarks three novel CUDA compression algorithms on your GPU, visualizes performance in real-time, and exports results for analysis.

---

## What It Does

1. **Runs 3 CUDA compression algorithms** on diverse test data (text, binary, structured, random)
2. **Monitors GPU performance** (VRAM, power, temperature) via nvidia-smi
3. **Displays live results** in an interactive D3.js/Chart.js dashboard
4. **Logs all benchmarks** to SQLite for later analysis
5. **Generates comparison reports** showing which algorithm wins for which data type

---

## The Algorithms

| Algorithm | How It Works | Best For |
|-----------|--------------|----------|
| **Arithmetic Coding** | Parallel entropy estimation + range encoding | High compression on text |
| **LZ77 Parallel** | Hash-based pattern matching with 32KB sliding window | Balanced speed/ratio |
| **E8 Lattice** (Novel) | Maps data to E8 root vectors (240 patterns) for geometric encoding | Structured/scientific data |

---

## Quick Start

```bash
# 1. Navigate to project
cd "Sonnet 4.5/compression_lab"

# 2. Run benchmarks (generates test data automatically)
./scripts/run_benchmarks.sh

# 3. View live dashboard
cd dashboard && python3 server.py
# Open http://localhost:8080 in your browser
```

---

## Dashboard Features

- **GPU Stats Panel** - Real-time VRAM, utilization, power, temperature
- **Compression Ratio Chart** - Compare algorithms across data types
- **Throughput Chart** - Speed comparison (GB/s) at different data sizes
- **Performance Heatmap** - Algorithm × Dataset matrix
- **Results Table** - All benchmark runs with detailed metrics

---

## Project Structure

```
compression_lab/
├── src/cuda/                 # CUDA kernels (SM 8.9 optimized)
│   ├── arithmetic_coding.cu  # Range encoding with parallel CDF
│   ├── lz77_parallel.cu      # Hash-based LZ77
│   └── e8_lattice.cu         # E8 pattern matching (research)
├── benchmarks/
│   ├── harness.py            # Main benchmark runner
│   └── dataset_gen.py        # Test data generator (10-500MB)
├── dashboard/
│   ├── index.html            # Interactive D3.js visualization
│   └── server.py             # Flask API server
├── results/
│   └── benchmarks.db         # SQLite results database
└── scripts/
    ├── build.sh              # CUDA compiler (nvcc -arch=sm_89)
    └── run_benchmarks.sh     # Full suite runner
```

---

## System Requirements

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| GPU | CUDA-capable | RTX 4070 (12GB VRAM) |
| CUDA | 11.0+ | 12.0+ |
| Python | 3.8+ | 3.9+ |
| RAM | 16GB | 64GB (for large datasets) |

---

## Performance Targets

- **Throughput**: >10 GB/s on at least one algorithm
- **VRAM**: <85% utilization (10GB of 12GB)
- **Temperature**: <75°C (auto-cooldown if exceeded)

---

## API Endpoints (Dashboard Server)

| Endpoint | Method | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| `/` | GET | Dashboard HTML |
| `/api/results` | GET | All benchmark results (JSON) |
| `/api/gpu` | GET | Current GPU metrics |
| `/api/run` | POST | Start new benchmark run |
| `/api/summary` | GET | Algorithm averages |

---

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add warning banners to all READMEs
Added Antigravity IDE warning to 7 README files:
- Main README.md
- Sonnet 4.5 (Compression Lab)
- KIMI K2 (Quantum Compression)
- Grok 4.1 (Quantum Navigator)
- Gemini 3 Pro (Entropy Garden)
- GPT 5.2 (TimeCapsule)
- Sonar (Quantum Research Pipeline)

Warning includes:
- Designed by Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE
- Not guaranteed to run safely on other machines
- Use at your own risk

Sonnet 4.5/compression_lab/README.md, after:

> ⚠️ **WARNING**: This project was designed and generated by **Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE** and is tailored to a specific system (RTX 4070, 64GB RAM, Pop!_OS Linux). It is **not guaranteed to run safely or correctly on your machine**. Review all code before executing. Use at your own risk.

---

# Compression Lab

**GPU-Accelerated Compression Algorithm Research for RTX 4070**

A self-optimizing research environment that benchmarks three novel CUDA compression algorithms on your GPU, visualizes performance in real-time, and exports results for analysis.

---

## What It Does

1. **Runs 3 CUDA compression algorithms** on diverse test data (text, binary, structured, random)
2. **Monitors GPU performance** (VRAM, power, temperature) via nvidia-smi
3. **Displays live results** in an interactive D3.js/Chart.js dashboard
4. **Logs all benchmarks** to SQLite for later analysis
5. **Generates comparison reports** showing which algorithm wins for which data type

---

## The Algorithms

| Algorithm | How It Works | Best For |
|-----------|--------------|----------|
| **Arithmetic Coding** | Parallel entropy estimation + range encoding | High compression on text |
| **LZ77 Parallel** | Hash-based pattern matching with 32KB sliding window | Balanced speed/ratio |
| **E8 Lattice** (Novel) | Maps data to E8 root vectors (240 patterns) for geometric encoding | Structured/scientific data |

---

## Quick Start

```bash
# 1. Navigate to project
cd "Sonnet 4.5/compression_lab"

# 2. Run benchmarks (generates test data automatically)
./scripts/run_benchmarks.sh

# 3. View live dashboard
cd dashboard && python3 server.py
# Open http://localhost:8080 in your browser
```

---

## Dashboard Features

- **GPU Stats Panel** - Real-time VRAM, utilization, power, temperature
- **Compression Ratio Chart** - Compare algorithms across data types
- **Throughput Chart** - Speed comparison (GB/s) at different data sizes
- **Performance Heatmap** - Algorithm × Dataset matrix
- **Results Table** - All benchmark runs with detailed metrics

---

## Project Structure

```
compression_lab/
├── src/cuda/                 # CUDA kernels (SM 8.9 optimized)
│   ├── arithmetic_coding.cu  # Range encoding with parallel CDF
│   ├── lz77_parallel.cu      # Hash-based LZ77
│   └── e8_lattice.cu         # E8 pattern matching (research)
├── benchmarks/
│   ├── harness.py            # Main benchmark runner
│   └── dataset_gen.py        # Test data generator (10-500MB)
├── dashboard/
│   ├── index.html            # Interactive D3.js visualization
│   └── server.py             # Flask API server
├── results/
│   └── benchmarks.db         # SQLite results database
└── scripts/
    ├── build.sh              # CUDA compiler (nvcc -arch=sm_89)
    └── run_benchmarks.sh     # Full suite runner
```

---

## System Requirements

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| GPU | CUDA-capable | RTX 4070 (12GB VRAM) |
| CUDA | 11.0+ | 12.0+ |
| Python | 3.8+ | 3.9+ |
| RAM | 16GB | 64GB (for large datasets) |

---

## Performance Targets

- **Throughput**: >10 GB/s on at least one algorithm
- **VRAM**: <85% utilization (10GB of 12GB)
- **Temperature**: <75°C (auto-cooldown if exceeded)

---

## API Endpoints (Dashboard Server)

| Endpoint | Method | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| `/` | GET | Dashboard HTML |
| `/api/results` | GET | All benchmark results (JSON) |
| `/api/gpu` | GET | Current GPU metrics |
| `/api/run` | POST | Start new benchmark run |
| `/api/summary` | GET | Algorithm averages |

---

## License

MIT
