Sonar/QuantumResearchPipeline/README.md, before:

# QuantumResearchPipeline 🔬⚛️

> A multi-agent quantum computing research workspace featuring paper scraping, vision model training, and quantum circuit simulation.

[![Python 3.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9-blue.svg)](https://python.org)
[![RTX 4070](https://img.shields.io/badge/GPU-RTX%204070-green.svg)](https://nvidia.com)
[![Tests Passing](https://img.shields.io/badge/tests-16%2F16%20passing-brightgreen.svg)](#testing)

---

## 🖥️ System Requirements

| Component | Specification |
|-----------|---------------|
| **GPU** | NVIDIA RTX 4070 (12GB VRAM) |
| **RAM** | 64GB DDR4 |
| **Python** | 3.9.19 |
| **OS** | Pop!_OS / Ubuntu |

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone and enter directory
cd QuantumResearchPipeline

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run the full pipeline
python arxiv_scraper.py       # Scrape papers
python vision_trainer.py      # Train vision model (GPU)
python quantum_simulator.py   # Run quantum simulations

# Launch servers
jupyter lab --port=8888 --NotebookApp.token=quantum2024
streamlit run dashboard/app.py --server.port=8501
```

**Access:**
- 📓 JupyterLab: http://localhost:8888 (token: `quantum2024`)
- 📊 Dashboard: http://localhost:8501

---

## 🤖 Agent Pipeline

This workspace was built using a 6-agent orchestration pattern:

### Agent 1: arXivScraper
Scrapes quantum computing + photonic compression papers from arXiv API.
- **Output:** `papers/metadata.json`, downloaded PDFs

### Agent 2: VisionModelTrainer  
Fine-tunes MobileNetV3-Small on RTX 4070 for figure classification.
- **Performance:** 94% validation accuracy (10 epochs, ~30s)
- **Output:** `models/mobilenetv3_quantum.pth`

### Agent 3: QuantumSimulator
Implements and simulates topological quantum circuits using Qiskit.
- **Circuits:** Toric Code, Anyon Braiding, Surface Code
- **Output:** `simulations/*.png`, `notebooks/quantum_analysis.ipynb`

### Agent 4: CodeQualityPipeline
Formats and tests all generated code.
- **Tools:** black, ruff, pytest
- **Results:** 16/16 tests passing

### Agent 5: ArtifactPackager
Bundles everything for reproducible deployment.
- **Output:** `docker-compose.yml`, Streamlit dashboard

### Agent 6: LocalDeployer
Launches interactive servers for exploration.
- **Services:** JupyterLab (8888), Streamlit (8501)

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
QuantumResearchPipeline/
├── arxiv_scraper.py          # Paper scraping agent
├── vision_trainer.py         # Vision model training
├── quantum_simulator.py      # Qiskit simulations
├── requirements.txt          # Python dependencies
├── pyproject.toml            # Project config (black/ruff/pytest)
├── docker-compose.yml        # Container orchestration
├── Dockerfile.streamlit      # Dashboard Dockerfile
├── README.md                 # This file
│
├── papers/
│   ├── metadata.json         # Scraped paper metadata
│   ├── selected_for_simulation.json
│   └── *.pdf                 # Downloaded papers
│
├── models/
│   ├── mobilenetv3_quantum.pth    # Trained model checkpoint
│   ├── training_history.json      # Training metrics
│   └── sample_predictions.json    # Inference results
│
├── simulations/
│   ├── toric_code_circuit.png     # Circuit diagram
│   ├── anyon_braiding_circuit.png
│   ├── surface_code_circuit.png
│   ├── error_rate_scaling.png     # Analysis plot
│   └── simulation_results.json    # Raw results
│
├── notebooks/
│   └── quantum_analysis.ipynb     # Interactive notebook
│
├── dashboard/
│   └── app.py                     # Streamlit dashboard
│
└── tests/
    ├── test_scraper.py            # Scraper unit tests
    └── test_quantum.py            # Quantum sim tests
```

---

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
pytest tests/ -v

# Run with coverage
pytest tests/ --cov=. --cov-report=term-missing

# Expected output:
# =================== 16 passed in 0.54s ====================
```

---

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

```bash
# Build and run with Docker Compose
docker-compose up -d

# With GPU support
docker-compose --profile gpu up -d

# Access services
# JupyterLab: http://localhost:8888 (token: quantum2024)
# Streamlit:  http://localhost:8501
```

---

## 📊 Benchmarks

| Task | Hardware | Time |
|------|----------|------|
| Vision model training (10 epochs) | RTX 4070 | ~30s |
| Quantum simulations (3 circuits) | CPU | <10s |
| Full test suite | CPU | 0.54s |
| arXiv paper scraping | Network | ~15s |

---

## 📜 License

MIT License - Research and Educational Use

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [arXiv API](https://arxiv.org/help/api) for paper access
- [Qiskit](https://qiskit.org/) for quantum simulation
- [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) for vision model training
- [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) for dashboard visualization

Commit message:

Add warning banners to all READMEs
Added Antigravity IDE warning to 7 README files:
- Main README.md
- Sonnet 4.5 (Compression Lab)
- KIMI K2 (Quantum Compression)
- Grok 4.1 (Quantum Navigator)
- Gemini 3 Pro (Entropy Garden)
- GPT 5.2 (TimeCapsule)
- Sonar (Quantum Research Pipeline)

Warning includes:
- Designed by Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE
- Not guaranteed to run safely on other machines
- Use at your own risk

Sonar/QuantumResearchPipeline/README.md, after:

> ⚠️ **WARNING**: This project was designed and generated by **Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE** and is tailored to a specific system (RTX 4070, 64GB RAM, Pop!_OS Linux). It is **not guaranteed to run safely or correctly on your machine**. Review all code before executing. Use at your own risk.

---

# QuantumResearchPipeline 🔬⚛️

> A multi-agent quantum computing research workspace featuring paper scraping, vision model training, and quantum circuit simulation.

[![Python 3.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9-blue.svg)](https://python.org)
[![RTX 4070](https://img.shields.io/badge/GPU-RTX%204070-green.svg)](https://nvidia.com)
[![Tests Passing](https://img.shields.io/badge/tests-16%2F16%20passing-brightgreen.svg)](#testing)

---

## 🖥️ System Requirements

| Component | Specification |
|-----------|---------------|
| **GPU** | NVIDIA RTX 4070 (12GB VRAM) |
| **RAM** | 64GB DDR4 |
| **Python** | 3.9.19 |
| **OS** | Pop!_OS / Ubuntu |

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone and enter directory
cd QuantumResearchPipeline

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run the full pipeline
python arxiv_scraper.py       # Scrape papers
python vision_trainer.py      # Train vision model (GPU)
python quantum_simulator.py   # Run quantum simulations

# Launch servers
jupyter lab --port=8888 --NotebookApp.token=quantum2024
streamlit run dashboard/app.py --server.port=8501
```

**Access:**
- 📓 JupyterLab: http://localhost:8888 (token: `quantum2024`)
- 📊 Dashboard: http://localhost:8501

---

## 🤖 Agent Pipeline

This workspace was built using a 6-agent orchestration pattern:

### Agent 1: arXivScraper
Scrapes quantum computing + photonic compression papers from arXiv API.
- **Output:** `papers/metadata.json`, downloaded PDFs

### Agent 2: VisionModelTrainer  
Fine-tunes MobileNetV3-Small on RTX 4070 for figure classification.
- **Performance:** 94% validation accuracy (10 epochs, ~30s)
- **Output:** `models/mobilenetv3_quantum.pth`

### Agent 3: QuantumSimulator
Implements and simulates topological quantum circuits using Qiskit.
- **Circuits:** Toric Code, Anyon Braiding, Surface Code
- **Output:** `simulations/*.png`, `notebooks/quantum_analysis.ipynb`

### Agent 4: CodeQualityPipeline
Formats and tests all generated code.
- **Tools:** black, ruff, pytest
- **Results:** 16/16 tests passing

### Agent 5: ArtifactPackager
Bundles everything for reproducible deployment.
- **Output:** `docker-compose.yml`, Streamlit dashboard

### Agent 6: LocalDeployer
Launches interactive servers for exploration.
- **Services:** JupyterLab (8888), Streamlit (8501)

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
QuantumResearchPipeline/
├── arxiv_scraper.py          # Paper scraping agent
├── vision_trainer.py         # Vision model training
├── quantum_simulator.py      # Qiskit simulations
├── requirements.txt          # Python dependencies
├── pyproject.toml            # Project config (black/ruff/pytest)
├── docker-compose.yml        # Container orchestration
├── Dockerfile.streamlit      # Dashboard Dockerfile
├── README.md                 # This file
│
├── papers/
│   ├── metadata.json         # Scraped paper metadata
│   ├── selected_for_simulation.json
│   └── *.pdf                 # Downloaded papers
│
├── models/
│   ├── mobilenetv3_quantum.pth    # Trained model checkpoint
│   ├── training_history.json      # Training metrics
│   └── sample_predictions.json    # Inference results
│
├── simulations/
│   ├── toric_code_circuit.png     # Circuit diagram
│   ├── anyon_braiding_circuit.png
│   ├── surface_code_circuit.png
│   ├── error_rate_scaling.png     # Analysis plot
│   └── simulation_results.json    # Raw results
│
├── notebooks/
│   └── quantum_analysis.ipynb     # Interactive notebook
│
├── dashboard/
│   └── app.py                     # Streamlit dashboard
│
└── tests/
    ├── test_scraper.py            # Scraper unit tests
    └── test_quantum.py            # Quantum sim tests
```

---

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
pytest tests/ -v

# Run with coverage
pytest tests/ --cov=. --cov-report=term-missing

# Expected output:
# =================== 16 passed in 0.54s ====================
```

---

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

```bash
# Build and run with Docker Compose
docker-compose up -d

# With GPU support
docker-compose --profile gpu up -d

# Access services
# JupyterLab: http://localhost:8888 (token: quantum2024)
# Streamlit:  http://localhost:8501
```

---

## 📊 Benchmarks

| Task | Hardware | Time |
|------|----------|------|
| Vision model training (10 epochs) | RTX 4070 | ~30s |
| Quantum simulations (3 circuits) | CPU | <10s |
| Full test suite | CPU | 0.54s |
| arXiv paper scraping | Network | ~15s |

---

## 📜 License

MIT License - Research and Educational Use

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [arXiv API](https://arxiv.org/help/api) for paper access
- [Qiskit](https://qiskit.org/) for quantum simulation
- [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) for vision model training
- [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) for dashboard visualization
