Grok 4.1/quantum_navigator/README.md, before:

# Quantum Antigravity Navigator

A real-time WebGL game visualizing antigravity flight through an E8 lattice with quantum superposition effects.

![Quantum Navigator](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-v0.169-blue) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.6-blue) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-5.4-purple)

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# Open http://localhost:3000 (or 3001 if 3000 is in use)
```

---

## 🎮 Controls

| Key | Action |
|-----|--------|
| **WASD** | Directional flight |
| **Mouse** | Look around (click to enable pointer lock) |
| **SPACE** | Quantum tunnel |
| **SHIFT** | Boost |
| **Q/E** | Vertical movement |

---

## ⚛️ Features

### E8 Lattice (120 vertices)
- Golden ratio icosahedral compound projection
- Dynamic gravity wells with shader effects
- Edge connections visualizing polytope structure

### Antigravity Physics
- Inverse-square repulsion from gravity wells
- Inertial flight with friction dampening
- Boost capability for rapid traversal

### Quantum Effects
- **Quantum Tunneling**: Press SPACE to teleport forward with visual superposition effect
- **Particle System**: 3000 quantum particles with jitter animation
- **God Rays**: Volumetric light rays with shader-based rendering
- **Starfield**: 5000 background stars

### Visuals
- ACE Filmic tone mapping
- Exponential fog for depth
- Additive blending on particles
- Fresnel-based glow on gravity wells

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
quantum_navigator/
├── src/
│   ├── main.ts        # Game initialization & loop
│   ├── e8lattice.ts   # E8 geometry generation
│   ├── player.ts      # Flight controls & physics
│   └── quantum.ts     # Particle effects & shaders
├── index.html         # Game UI with HUD
├── vite.config.ts     # Build configuration
└── GPU_DIAGNOSTICS.md # Hardware verification
```

---

## 🖥️ System Requirements

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| GPU | GTX 1060 | RTX 4070 |
| VRAM | 4 GB | 12 GB |
| RAM | 8 GB | 16 GB |
| Browser | Chrome 90+ | Chrome 120+ |

---

## 🔧 Build

```bash
npm run build
# Output in /dist folder
```

---

## 📊 Performance Targets

- **FPS**: 120+ on RTX 4070
- **VRAM**: <500 MB
- **Draw Calls**: <50 per frame

---

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add warning banners to all READMEs
Added Antigravity IDE warning to 7 README files:
- Main README.md
- Sonnet 4.5 (Compression Lab)
- KIMI K2 (Quantum Compression)
- Grok 4.1 (Quantum Navigator)
- Gemini 3 Pro (Entropy Garden)
- GPT 5.2 (TimeCapsule)
- Sonar (Quantum Research Pipeline)

Warning includes:
- Designed by Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE
- Not guaranteed to run safely on other machines
- Use at your own risk

Grok 4.1/quantum_navigator/README.md, after:

> ⚠️ **WARNING**: This project was designed and generated by **Google's Antigravity Agentic IDE** and is tailored to a specific system (RTX 4070, 64GB RAM, Pop!_OS Linux). It is **not guaranteed to run safely or correctly on your machine**. Review all code before executing. Use at your own risk.

---

# Quantum Antigravity Navigator

A real-time WebGL game visualizing antigravity flight through an E8 lattice with quantum superposition effects.

![Quantum Navigator](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-v0.169-blue) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.6-blue) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-5.4-purple)

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# Open http://localhost:3000 (or 3001 if 3000 is in use)
```

---

## 🎮 Controls

| Key | Action |
|-----|--------|
| **WASD** | Directional flight |
| **Mouse** | Look around (click to enable pointer lock) |
| **SPACE** | Quantum tunnel |
| **SHIFT** | Boost |
| **Q/E** | Vertical movement |

---

## ⚛️ Features

### E8 Lattice (120 vertices)
- Golden ratio icosahedral compound projection
- Dynamic gravity wells with shader effects
- Edge connections visualizing polytope structure

### Antigravity Physics
- Inverse-square repulsion from gravity wells
- Inertial flight with friction dampening
- Boost capability for rapid traversal

### Quantum Effects
- **Quantum Tunneling**: Press SPACE to teleport forward with visual superposition effect
- **Particle System**: 3000 quantum particles with jitter animation
- **God Rays**: Volumetric light rays with shader-based rendering
- **Starfield**: 5000 background stars

### Visuals
- ACE Filmic tone mapping
- Exponential fog for depth
- Additive blending on particles
- Fresnel-based glow on gravity wells

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
quantum_navigator/
├── src/
│   ├── main.ts        # Game initialization & loop
│   ├── e8lattice.ts   # E8 geometry generation
│   ├── player.ts      # Flight controls & physics
│   └── quantum.ts     # Particle effects & shaders
├── index.html         # Game UI with HUD
├── vite.config.ts     # Build configuration
└── GPU_DIAGNOSTICS.md # Hardware verification
```

---

## 🖥️ System Requirements

| Component | Minimum | Recommended |
|-----------|---------|-------------|
| GPU | GTX 1060 | RTX 4070 |
| VRAM | 4 GB | 12 GB |
| RAM | 8 GB | 16 GB |
| Browser | Chrome 90+ | Chrome 120+ |

---

## 🔧 Build

```bash
npm run build
# Output in /dist folder
```

---

## 📊 Performance Targets

- **FPS**: 120+ on RTX 4070
- **VRAM**: <500 MB
- **Draw Calls**: <50 per frame

---

## License

MIT
